Adds Hosted Media / DAM section to Content Management section (#9182)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/media.mdx

---
title: Use a DAM with Astro

> description: How to use a DAM to add images and videos to Astro

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: How to use a Digital Asset Manager (DAM) to add images and videos to Astro
```

i18nReady: true
---
import MediaGuidesNav from '~/components/MediaGuidesNav.astro';
import ReadMore from '~/components/ReadMore.astro';
import Badge from "~/components/Badge.astro"

> **Ready to connect a Headless DAM to your Astro project?** Follow one of our guides to integrate a hosted media system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Ready to connect a headless Digital Asset Manager (DAM) to your Astro project?** Follow one of our guides to integrate a hosted media system.
```

:::tip

> Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/?search=cms) for connecting a DAM or hosted media system to your project in our integrations directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/?search=image) for connecting a DAM or hosted media system to your project in our integrations directory. 
```

> Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/?search=image) for connecting a DAM or hosted media system to your project in our integrations directory. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find [community-maintained integrations](https://astro.build/integrations/) for connecting a DAM or hosted media system to your project in our integrations directory. 
```
Going to take out the search for now because there isn't a single good word that seems to pull up the most relevant results!

:::

## Hosted Media Guides

Note that many of these pages are **stubs**: they're collections of resources waiting for your contribution!

<MediaGuidesNav />

## Why use a DAM or hosted media?

> Using a DAM, or Digital Asset Manager, helps individual, teams, and organizations manage their image and video assets from a central location much like a [CMS](/en/guides/cms).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using a DAM, or Digital Asset Manager, helps individuals, teams, and organizations manage their image and video assets from a central location much like a [CMS](/en/guides/cms).
```

> The difference is the type of content being managed, where a DAM would be primarily made up of images, videos, other media assets like 3D models, and any metadata associated with those assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The difference is the type of content being managed: a DAM would primarily manage images, videos, other media assets like 3D models, and any metadata associated with those assets.
```

> This can be useful particularly when using a single source of truth for your assets between multiple web or mobile properties, if you're part of an organization that requires multiple teams to utilize the assets, or integrating into other content systems like a PIM (Product Information Manager) to connect your assets to products.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be useful particularly when using a single source of truth for your assets between multiple web or mobile properties. This is important if you're part of an organization that requires multiple teams to use the same assets, or are integrating into other content systems like a PIM (Product Information Manager) to connect your assets to products.
```

## Which hosted media systems or DAMs work well with Astro?

Much like a CMS, because Astro manages the _presentation_ of your content, you'll want to use a headless DAM, that allows you to fetch and interact with your assets via an API or SDK.

> Some headless DAMs, like Cloudinary, provide an Astro [integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/) that allow you to easily fetch your assets as well as display them in your website or app.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Some headless DAMs, like Cloudinary, provide an Astro [integration](/en/guides/integrations-guide/) that allows you to easily fetch your assets as well as display them on your website or app.
```
